Improvements to delete netities on real time (#571)
port-labs/ocean: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.5.14 (2024-04-18)

### Improvements

> - Delete entities on real time events improvements

Reviewer: explain the improvements

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.5.14 (2024-04-24)

### Improvements

- Delete entities on real time events only if they didn't pass any of the selectors

> - Calculated JQ of only identifier and blueprint to raw entities that didn't pass any selector on real time events

Reviewer 2: Please rewrite these
they seem off

> - Delete entities on real time events only if they didn't pass any of the selectors
> - Calculated JQ of only identifier and blueprint to raw entities that didn't pass any selector on real time events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implemented real-time entity deletion exclusively for instances that haven't matched any selectors.
- Change the JQ calculation to process only identifier and blueprint for raw entities not selected during real-time events to only get the required data for the delete.
```
